We're not having any kind of smart conversation at a national level.
In fact,
it's almost as if we've destroyed every sandbox
in which we could play together.
There's no place that we actually talk except longform podcasting.
And by the way, they've found you see what's going on with like Alex Stamos.
No. And the Hoover institution, we've, you know, there's a loophole left.
Longform podcasting allows people to speak at levels above daytime,
CNN <laugh> yeah. It's like, well,
why do you think they're not watching daytime CNN.
But you know, that's, that's just silly journalism. They, uh,
currently have no power to displace podcasting. That's why it's so powerful.
RSS feed. I mean,
that's why the big challenge with Joe Rogan and Spotify is like,
there's this dance that's fascinating to see is Joe Rogan is not part of the
system.
And then he's also UNC cancelable and there's this tension.
That's happening. Well, think about what happened to Howard stern though,
Howard stern became much less relevant.
So if they can't control Joe by bringing him in house,
mm-hmm <affirmative> the key question is, is he going to continue? Like,
you know, this, Joe says this thing about Fu money. Yeah.
Joe's one of the only people with F Fu money.
Who's actually said F U yeah. Yeah.
I don't understand this. I don't have Fu money. What, what.
Exactly is, can we break apart Fu money?
Because I always thought I've been fortunate enough to,
I have always have F Fu money in the sense that my standards were so low that
a basic salary in the United States.
Well, this is the stoic point, which is if you can live on rice and beans,
right. You're UNC cancelable, because you're always rich relative to your.
Needs, right? Isn't that F Fu fundamental F Fu money.
Why do you say that tech billionaires don't have F Fu money.
When you need to hire private six to protect your family?
How do you protect your two children? I don't have those yet. Bingo. Yeah.
My point is, is that F U money insulates,
everything that you care about, it's not just about you.
So you're saying as the level of responsibility grows,
the amount of money required for F U.
We have a war going on. The war is on academic freedom.
Academic freedom used to be present in the system as a, in terms of the idea we,
we trust our elite. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Now we have an ideally,
you want to be the elite, you know, you wanna Lord above us. That's like,
first of all, there's like a populist anti-elitist thing.
Then there's idea that, um, we're gonna defer tenure for forever.
Then we're gonna tell people, stay in your lane.
Your tenure is only good for your own particular tiny micro subject.
Then we're gonna also control your grants and be able to load up your teaching
load.
If we don't like who you are and we'll make your life absolutely impossible.
We lost academic freedom. And we ushered in peer review,
which was a disaster.
And then we lost funding so that people were conf confident that they would have
the ability to do research no matter what they said.
And as a result, what you find is,
is a world in which there's no ability to get people to say, no,
I'm not gonna sign your diversity and inclusion, forced loyalty oath.
I won't sign any loyalty oath, get the hell outta my office. Uh,
you at you. And you're, you're connecting money to that. But, well, my point is,
is that academic freedom is the,
the whole idea behind it was that you will have the freedom of a billionaire on
a much smaller seller. Right? Okay.
We've lost that. Yeah. The only reason in part that I wanted to it into
academic academics as a profession,
as opposed to wanting to do physical or mathematical research,
the great prize was freedom.
And Ralph go, uh,
of the Sloan foundation previously of IBM research pointed it at, he says, if,
if you lose freedom,
you is the only thing we had to offer top minds,
top minds value their intellectual freedom and their physical and economic
security at a different level than other human beings.
And so people say, you know, I understand, dude,
you have the ability to do X, Y, and Z. What's the problem it's like, well,
I value my ability to raise the little finger as an American,
practically above everything else.